EPISODE 48
EXECUTION
[water running]
[muffled garbling]
♪
[garbling]
[footsteps]
[grunting]
[♪ opening theme song playing]
JUJUTSU KAISEN: EXECUTION
CULLING GAME
[MAN] So, tell me,
is Mai dead?
[MAKI'S MOTHER]
It's the clan head
you should be concerned about.
And Maki's the one who's
nearly dead, not Mai.
[MAN] Is that so?
Well, I'm glad to hear it.
Maki's a real beauty,
but she's no good.
She can't support a man.
Any woman who can't walk
humbly behind her man
deserves to be stabbed
in the back and killed.
Now Mai's a great woman
in that regard.
SPECIAL FIRST-GRADE SORCERER
NAOYA ZEN'IN
[NAOYA]
She has the same face
and the same great rack as Maki.
She may put on a brave face,
but she understands her place
as a woman.
[MAN] You're late.
Where were you
and what have you been doing?
Your father is in
critical condition!
[NAOYA] Sorry about that.
But what difference does it make
if I'm here or not?
Either way, I'm gonna be
the next head
of the Zen'in Clan.
All my older brothers
are a bunch of knuckleheads.
And, Uncle,
you're his little brother,
but you haven't got
what it takes.
And your daughters
are out of the question.
And Jinichi, well...
You don't look the part.
If you had Toji's looks,
it would be a different story.
[loud thud]
SPECIAL FIRST-GRADE
SORCERER OGI ZEN'IN
My father's dying,
cut me some slack, would you?
We're all a little on edge.
[OLD MAN] I see
everyone's finally here.
I've been informed
that Naobito Zen'in,
head of the Zen'in Clan,
has unfortunately taken
his last breath.
I am Furudate.
I was entrusted by Naobito
to read his will to you,
his chosen family members,
upon his passing.
Ogi Zen'in,
Jinichi Zen'in,
and Naoya Zen'in.
Since you are all
gathered here today,
I shall begin the reading
immediately.
Unless, of course,
any of you have an objection
to my doing so.
First item,
Naoya Zen'in shall be made
the 27th head
of the Zen'in Clan.
Second item, Naoya shall inherit
all assets and cursed tools
that are currently stored
in either Jujutsu High,
or the Zen'in Clan's
forbidden vaults.
In addition to that,
Naoya shall require agreement
from either Ogi
or Jinichi Zen'in
before making use
of any contents.
[scoffs]
I guess that's fine.
[FURUDATE] However,
in the event that
Satoru Gojo dies before I do,
or otherwise loses the use
of his mental faculties,
then the covenant
with Toji Fushiguro
shall be fulfilled.
Megumi Fushiguro will be
welcomed into the Zen'in Clan,
and that same person
will become...
the new head of the Zen'in Clan,
and inherit its assets.
[NAOYA]
Huh? What the hell?
Those guys have no balls.
They think some
unknown brat as the head
would be better than me,
so they ain't doing jack
about it.
Where's Megumi,
and what is he doing now?
[MAKI'S MOTHER]
I don't know much.
Only that he's on a mission
to find Yuji Itadori
somewhere
in the Tokyo area--
And who's that?
He is the vessel of Sukuna.
[NAOYA]
Then go tell the big shots
that Naoya Zen'in is going
to kill Sukuna's vessel.
[Maki's mother gasps]
[NAOYA] And since Megumi
is with Sukuna's vessel,
I'll kill 'em both together.
Tokyo is in pandemonium
right now.
People can die anytime
for any reason there.
Once I kill him,
the rest will work itself out.
The Zen'in Clan belongs to me!
♪
[Yuji gasps] Die!
- [indistinct shouting]
- [YUJI] Gojo no!
- [NOBARA] Itadori?
- [KENTO] Itadori.
[YUKI] What will you be doing?
♪
[footsteps]
[CHOSO] Yuji.
How are your injuries?
Fine, except for where
I took that Black Flash.
But I'm healing fast.
It's probably because of Sukuna.
I can feel how his power
has grown stronger.
[CHOSO] Yuji,
don't worry about me.
Go back to Jujutsu High.
I'd like to retrieve the remains
of Shoso and the others.
[YUJI] I'm not worried.
It's not an issue of me wanting
to return or not.
Sukuna is plotting something
that uses Fushiguro.
Plus, I've killed
so many people.
[MEGUMI]
How are you going to feel
when someone you save
goes on to kill someone
else later?
[YUJI] I don't think I can stay
with the others anymore.
How do you feel Choso?
You know I killed
your little brothers, too.
[CHOSO] It's fine.
That was an accident.
Eso and Kechizu would have
done the same
if they were in my position.
Forgiving you or not
doesn't matter.
That's what it means
to be siblings.
[YUJI] Let's go.
We need to reduce the number
of cursed spirits.
♪
[Yuji grunts]
[Yuji panting]
♪
[Yuji grunts]
[grunts]
[cursed spirit groans]
♪
[cursed spirit growls]
[Yuji grunts]
[cursed spirits growling]
[growling continues]
[Yuji panting]
Choso!
I got 'em.
[CHOSO] How terrifying.
I already sensed he was
powerful when we fought.
But now he's added
subtlety to it.
He has unfaltering control
of his cursed energy
and exceptional
physical strength.
He's like a war god!
Crazy that he wasn't
in top shape until now.
You're very impressive,
little brother.
Do you have to keep saying that?
[CHOSO] As often as it takes.
Remember, they should
have been there.
Your father should have
also had stitches
in his forehead, too.
[NAOYA] Don't tell me
Megumi's not here.
Am I the first to arrive?
How's that even possible?
He's way too slow.
[YUJI] Who's this guy?
Why's he looking for Fushiguro?
[NAOYA] What are you doing
out here, anyway?
You don't exactly blend in.
Planning an escape?
[YUJI] Escape?
[NAOYA] What, you don't know?
You've been sentenced to death.
After all, you no longer
have Satoru's protection.
- [Choso growls]
- [Yuji gasps]
[TAKUMA] There are
lots of sorcerers
who have been saved
due to Gojo's influence,
pride, and whims.
[NAOYA]
My business is with Megumi,
so to be blunt, I couldn't
care less if you live or die.
Then again, I don't want you
running around willy-nilly,
so I'm gonna
break your legs for now.
What do you want Fushiguro for?
- [NAOYA] I need him to die.
- [Yuji grunts]
[NAOYA] But it'd be great
if he could sign some papers
before he goes.
By the way,
I heard he's looking for you.
[Yuji grunts]
[Choso grunting]
He's certainly faster than us.
But something is off.
Probably his technique.
[NAOYA] You're doing better
than I expected.
I honestly underestimated you.
I know the vessel's
got stuff going on,
but what's that thing
beside him?
Guess I'll crank up
the speed a bit more.
[Yuji gasps]
[YUJI] Am I feeling Gojo?
No, it's even creepier!
Three of you?
I thought you'd be alone.
JUJUTSU KAISEN: EXECUTION
Who is that?
[CHOSO] Whoever he is,
it's bad.
[YUTA] What are your
relationships to Itadori?
[CHOSO] So he's also here
to execute Yuji.
Hold up, pal! I'm on your side.
Your name is Okkotsu, right?
[YUJI] Okkotsu!
The second-year
Fushiguro talked about!
A special-grade sorcerer.
Just like Gojo!
And you are?
I'm Naoya Zen'in.
You know, Maki's cousin.
And I'm here to kill Itadori,
just like you are.
- Yuji, we have to run.
- [NAOYA] So relax.
- [YUJI] Huh?
- I'll stay out of your way.
The blond one's fast
with some kind of trick.
We need to avoid
getting into a chase.
I'll stall, now go!
Will you be okay?
And in return for staying
out of your way
after you kill Itadori,
maybe you could hold off
a bit before reporting it.
I want to use him as bait
for someone else.
I'll be fine.
You're the one
they've come here for.
Not me.
Okkotsu. Just worry about
getting away from him.
He seems like
the same type as Gojo.
You'll die if you fight him.
[NAOYA] I should have
kept quiet about Megumi.
Me and my big mouth.
[CHOSO] My plan keeps Yuji
from fighting another human.
And prevents him from
feeling guilty toward me.
[Choso chuckles]
He's such a handful.
Meet up at
yesterday's spot, Yuji.
Sounds fine.
I'll leave that one
to you, then.
Now!
[YUJI] He's fast!
And with that sword drawn too!
[YUTA] He's pretty quick.
I planned to crush him
when he broke into a run.
[Choso grunts] I was trying
to block Okkotsu's path,
but he read my move!
I was watching you earlier.
That's Blood Manipulation, right?
Only I can't figure out
why you can do it.
Still, it's not that scary,
aside from Piercing Blood.
And producing Piercing Blood
takes Convergence.
There's a long build-up.
I don't think there's
anything left to say.
It's checkmate.
You're going to die.
[CHOSO] You're the one
who will die.
Did you think you could go
after my little brother
and then leave this place alive?
[cursed spirit growls]
[Yuji grunting]
♪
[Yuji grunts]
[YUTA] I'm sure
I was able to cut him.
He's like Maki.
[grunts]
[YUTA] Surprised?
I don't seem like
the power type, do I?
[YUJI] Even without raw power,
he has an insane amount
of cursed energy!
[YUTA] I actually am
on the weaker side.
[YUJI] He's enhancing himself
with cursed energy
to cover for his
lack of strength.
Everyone does that
to some degree,
but when he does it,
it's the exact opposite of me.
Have you noticed?
I have more cursed energy
than your teacher, Gojo.
[Yuji grunts]
[YUTA] However,
Gojo has his Six Eyes.
So he wastes practically
no energy at all
when he activates
his techniques.
He's the best there is
when it comes to performance.
Unlike your teacher,
I can run out of cursed energy.
Enough chit-chat.
♪
- [YUJI] Shit!
- [AOI] The better the sorcerer,
the harder it is to read
the flow of their
cursed energy.
Yours will be hard
to read as well.
[YUJI] That's because
the better the sorcerer,
the more precise
their cursed energy.
That means
you can't predict their attack
until the last second.
[Yuji grunts]
[YUJI] But with this guy,
there's cursed energy
constantly rising
from his entire body.
Even his sword!
It's not even a question
of reading his moves!
He can land decisive blows
with all his attacks.
And he can reduce all damage
to the bare minimum!
[KENTO] You take it from here.
Sorry, Okkotsu,
but I can't afford
to die just yet!
[SATORU] There are some types
who center their training
around the use of a weapon.
But you don't want to become
dependent on a cursed tool
and then neglect...
your manipulation
of cursed energy.
So Slaughter Demon's
just an emergency measure.
[YUJI]
You never taught me this!
You're putting too much focus
into the blade.
[Yuji grunts]
[Yuji grunting, yelling]
[YUTA] It broke?
Of course it did.
He's one of Gojo's students.
I guess you're not going
down easily.
[YUJI] The wound's deep!
But none of my organs
are falling out!
And now we're both
unarmed!
I can win!
[RIKA] What are you two doing?
[YUTA] We're playing, Rika.
That's all.
[YUJI] "Rika"?
What is this thing?
A shikigami?
Where did it come from?
[YUTA] Hold him still.
[Yuji grunts] I can't move!
So strong!
[YUTA] I'm sorry...
Itadori.
[♪ closing theme song playing]
[NAOYA] Older brothers
less competent
than younger brothers
serve no purpose.
[CHOSO] I can't understand how
you never loved your brothers.
[YUTA] Please report
Itadori's death.
[YUKI] That's when
all the distortions started.
[NAOYA]
Don't look down on me!
- [MEGUMI] Start by saving me.
- [CHOSO] This is checkmate.
[MEGUMI] Tsumiki has been
drawn into this game, too.